# Liny's BrowserCat (Brand New Re-imagined)！

[中文](README.md) | [English](README_EN.md)

## Things to consider when migrating to 2.0

The App itself can be directly installed and updated, 
but because some file structures have changed, BrowserCat 2.0 cannot directly inherit all previous data.

1. The history index needs to be rebuilt manually.
2. All previously opened web pages not in Zones will be lost.
3. EasyList may need to be deleted and re-added, or it may not.

## Completely restructured?!

Based on all the legacies, we decided to rebuild BrowserCat based on the modern HarmonyOS environment!

This project combines the new technologies that Liny has mastered over the past three years, 
such as ArkUI and ArkTS (such as state management V2)
to reconstruct the new user interface (UI) and underlying systems (management cats) for the browser:

1. History Management (meowHistorian):
  a. Index rebuild time - 24.7%;
  b. Index file space usage — 22.0%;
  c. Used block indexing, loading time - 99.9% (pre-loading is no longer needed, 
  because fastbuffer ensures efficiency & allows on-demand loading during queries)

2. Settings Management (MeowManagedSettings):
  a. Using the @ObservedV2 decorator allows direct perception of changes 
  without intermediate state variables to communicate with the UI, 
  improving development efficiency and performance (slightly);

3. Bookmark Management (meowBookmarkStash):
  a. With the help of experts like ChatGLM, a faster and safer HTML parser is rebuilt.
  b. With optimized data structures, loading time - 86.0%;
  c. Bookmark reading and writing uses TaskPool, which does not block the main thread 
  (it is slightly slower by a few milliseconds :P).

Also, due to the use of TaskPool, time taken from onCreate to Index render completion - 17.4% 
(though not very noticeable) - is almost on par with an empty project.

*Test data was generated by Liny's own high-intensity use of the surfing cat for nearly a year.
The comparison is between version 1.8.1 and the newly refactored version.
It is only for reference and cannot be used as an absolute performance benchmark*

## Something originally to be Meowed Beforehand...

The original purpose of this project is to make a decent browser for Liny catself to drive daily
after upgrading to HarmonyOS NEXT.
But later after realizing that a lot of people out there may also need such an app,
this project is made completely opensource for every body to use.

However, due to the time and stuff scheduling issues due by Liny catself,
issues may not be checked and updates may not be pushed so in time.
In most cases plenty is lagging behind, so, thank you for your kind understanding!!

If you see that the last commit was made quite a lot of weeks, or even months ago,
please don't consider this project dead so easily, since
Liny may be messing with some _new_ stuffs for a period of time.

Therefore, the best solution to this problem is to **open an issue** so that
Liny would feel so anxious that the update of this project would be selected to be prioritized.

Let's say: _Thank you, issues!_

:3
